<p>What do I want to accomplish this semester? </p>

<p>Over the summer I took an Intro to Data Science class and it made me want to become a data scientist. I learned that Data Scientists work in teams and the most successful Data Scientists know how each element of their team works. So even though I’m not the most interested in Software development, having knowledge in this area will help me be a better team leader and make my job easier. I also think that having many skills is important so if I can gain software development skills it will make me more well-rounded, a better asset. To make this happen, I want to learn the basics of Software Developing because I know absolutely nothing about it. This includes the different types of software, the history of software, the life cycles, common challenges and any other interesting aspects I learn along the way! This will be the most beneficial if I better my relationships with others in the class. I feel we can learn just as much from our peers as we can a professor, especially when classmates that have personal experience in the field. I have had class with some of these students before but the classes weren’t very interactive so I didn’t get to gauge what knowledge they have to offer. We talked about soft skills like teamwork and communication and the only way to improve on them is to implement them! So, my overall goal is to understand the basics and learn how I can apply it to better myself in my desire of becoming a Data Scientist!  </p>

<p>I am a really organized person and work very hard on my schooling. I like to know things ahead of time so I can plan accordingly and I always try to get my work done as early as possible to avoid being stressed. Life does not run on a schedule though, so I know things will change and I will get things thrown at me that might cause panic but if I can accomplish my work in a reasonable timely manner and show my growth throughout the course, I feel that I will be successful no matter what this semester brings.  </p>